README.md, before:

# Babbly Frontend

## Overview

This is the frontend application for the Babbly social media platform. It's built with Next.js and TypeScript, providing a modern and responsive user interface.

## Features

- Modern, responsive UI
- Server-side rendering
- Real-time updates via WebSocket
- Authentication with Auth0

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v18 or later)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/babbly-frontend.git
cd babbly-frontend
```

2. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
```

3. Create a `.env.local` file with the following content:

```
NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL=http://localhost:5000
```

4. Start the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

5. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## Building for Production

```bash
npm run build
# or
yarn build
```

## Docker

You can also run the application using Docker:

```bash
# Build the Docker image
docker build -t babbly-frontend .

# Run the container
docker run -p 3000:3000 babbly-frontend
```

## CI/CD Pipeline

This repository uses GitHub Actions for continuous integration and deployment:

- **Code Quality**: SonarCloud analysis
- **Tests**: Component and integration tests
- **Docker Build**: Builds and validates Docker image
- **Deployment**: Automated deployment to staging/production environments

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Enhance Auth0 integration and update environment configurations in Docker setup. Added Auth0 environment variables to docker-compose.yml, updated Dockerfile to copy .env, and modified next.config.mjs for specific API routes. Updated README with Auth0 setup instructions and added necessary dependencies in package.json and package-lock.json.

README.md, after:

# Babbly Frontend

## Overview

This is the frontend application for the Babbly social media platform. It's built with Next.js and TypeScript, providing a modern and responsive user interface.

## Features

- Modern, responsive UI
- Server-side rendering
- Real-time updates via WebSocket
- Authentication with Auth0

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v18 or later)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/babbly-frontend.git
cd babbly-frontend
```

2. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
```

3. Create a `.env.local` file with the following content:

```
NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL=http://localhost:5000
```

4. Start the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

5. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## Building for Production

```bash
npm run build
# or
yarn build
```

## Docker

You can also run the application using Docker:

```bash
# Build the Docker image
docker build -t babbly-frontend .

# Run the container
docker run -p 3000:3000 babbly-frontend
```

## Auth0 Configuration

For Auth0 to work correctly, especially in Docker:

1. In your Auth0 Dashboard, go to Applications > [Your App] > Settings
2. Under "Allowed Callback URLs", add:
   - http://localhost:3000/api/auth/callback
3. Under "Allowed Logout URLs", add:
   - http://localhost:3000
4. Under "Allowed Web Origins", add:
   - http://localhost:3000
5. Save the changes

When running in Docker, ensure these environment variables are correctly set in docker-compose.yml:

```yaml
- AUTH0_SECRET=your_long_secret_value
- AUTH0_BASE_URL=http://localhost:3000
- AUTH0_ISSUER_BASE_URL=https://your-tenant.region.auth0.com
- AUTH0_CLIENT_ID=your_client_id
- AUTH0_CLIENT_SECRET=your_client_secret
```

These must match exactly with the values in your Auth0 dashboard.

## CI/CD Pipeline

This repository uses GitHub Actions for continuous integration and deployment:

- **Code Quality**: SonarCloud analysis
- **Tests**: Component and integration tests
- **Docker Build**: Builds and validates Docker image
- **Deployment**: Automated deployment to staging/production environments

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
